Docs/CVE/update howtos (#253)
sighupio/fury-distribution-container-image-sync: README.md

      - registry.sighup.io/fury/grafana/grafana
```

## <a name="automated-sync-execution">Automated sync execution</a>

This automation runs once a day: `"0 2 * * *"` and every time someone pushes to the `main` branch.

## <a name="vulns-detect-and-patch">Vulnerability detection and patching</a>

The reports of vulnerability scanning and patching are available in the dedicate [worflow run](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution-container-image-sync/actions/workflows/cve-scan-and-patching.yml) page.

> On each `workflow run` you can find:
> - the `cve-reports-vX.Y.Z` that includes the pre patching and post patching vulnerabilities reports.
> - the `cve-patch-reports-by-image` that include the patching report by image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each `workflow run`, navigate to the **Artefacts** section where you can find:

- the `cve-reports-vX.Y.Z` artefact (zip file) that includes the pre patching and post patching vulnerabilities reports for KFD version `X.Y.Z`.
- the `cve-patch-reports-by-image` artefact (zip file) that includes the patching report by image for all the images used in all the supported KFD versions.
```
